Keeping
Up with the Kardashians...
It's just been a
really hard time, going from,
like, having all of you guys to
having nobody, you know?
It breaks my heart to
see her in pain.
I just hope that
somehow God can, like, give me
a chance... or us a chance at
this or something.
Like, I don't know
if there's a day when, like,
Scott can get it together and
be... change.
Are you gonna wait,
like, that long?
No, I'm not
waiting.
I love Scott, but I've gotten to
a place where I'm just living
life again.♪ ♪
- Hey, Kim.
- Hey, Mom.
- What are you doing?
- Just organizing North's
- closet.
- Oh, this used to be
- Kylie's closet.
- I know, now it's getting
- some good use.
- So I just found this as
I'm going through all of my
papers and Kylie's stuff.
- Can I read it to you?
- Yeah.
"I Am."
"I am from the horse playground
of Hidden Hills to the enormous
community of Calabasas.
I am from my muddy backyard of
fun to the trees we once climbed
to the rainy outdoor playground
where we played Indians.
I am from my loving parents."
Oh, you're not gonna cry
when you're reading something
she wrote.
This is the stuff that
makes me so sentimental.
I don't know what's wrong with
me-- I always get sad.
So are you saying you're
mad I took her room?
No, I'm glad you're
here, but it just makes me sad
that she's not here.
How cute is this?
- She painted that?
Uh-huh.
That's her
self-portrait?
She'd be mortified.♪ ♪
Can you change my
hair color?
Yeah, what color you
thinking?
I can't go to black, but I can
do any color.
Maybe you can do
blonde with this color.
I think that'll be a
good contrast.
So you have, like, all warm
tones.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Whatever you want.
You look perfect.
Perfect, perfect.
I'm doing a photo
shoot right now for my Lip Kit
with Dolce.
I just feel like there's been a
lot of attention around my lips,
and every single time I would
announce what lip liner I was
using, it would immediately be
sold out, so I just wanted to
create my own.
I think we should try to do,
like, a side look for this one.
Okay.
Oh, I love that.
Love, love, love.
Come look at these.
I think these profiles are
great.
Just find one with the hair that
you love.
- I think the eyes are perfect.
- I love that one.
Beautiful.
That one's great as is.
- I love that one.
- Triple mark.
I feel like we got
good ones.
Oh, these are great.
All right, so you want to just
do next color then, or do you
want to keep shooting?
- Next color.
- Yeah, cool.
- Kylie?
- Hi.
You're not ready
yet?
Ready?
I just shot.
- How's my baby?
- Good. I'm shooting for
- my Lip Kit.
- Are you camera
ready?
Is that the look right there?
Mm-hmm.
- Oh, can I do that?
- Okay...
- One...
- Two...
- Three.
That's your look?
That is your look?
I don't know what my
look is.
Oh, my God!
I feel like my dad and I get
along more now that we just like
to do the same things.
You have to get it perfect.
See how it's all blotchy?
She is so funny.
I'll say random stuff like, "I'm
about to get a spray tan."
And she'll be like, "How are
spray tans, are they good?
I think I want to try one."
Um, by the way,
Sunday we'll do something.
We'll go to dinner, we'll do
whatever.
- Okay, cool.
- I think Kendall's
- back in town, too.
- We're doing a
- Snapchat.
- Yeah.
- Cute!
Do you like Mom's
changes she makes to her house?
I don't think they're
significant enough.
The table's better, but the
chairs aren't that much better
- than what she had last time.
- I would get rid of
- all the columns if you could.
- Yeah, and the stained
- glass.
- You make me sound like
I'm living in an old-age home,
and I'm senile and you guys are
trying to make life-or-death
decisions for me and I'm not in
- the room.
- But even if she just got
- simple panes.
- I'm right here.
I can hear you.
Um, so, guys?
- Hmm?
- I went to go visit this
doctor who does this DNA
testing, and what happens is you
give them a little bit of blood,
but by doing these certain
tests, they can tell if you're
predisposed to cancer or that
you should stay away from
certain things because you're
gonna get really sick or you
have nerve disease or, you know,
- anything.
- So what's the point
- of telling us this?
- The clinic is in La
Jolla, down by where MJ lives.
And I think I'd like to have the
guy come up and take my blood
and do the test, and then I'll
go down and visit MJ and go
swing by his place and have him
give me my results.
My mom is a super strong lady.
She's overcome breast cancer,
and I think when you have a
history of cancer in your
family, you really want to make
sure that you can do any
possible test that's necessary.
You really should have
the BRCA test, because my mother
had cervical cancer.
This family's been through it
- three generations.
- It would be such a
great feeling if all my kids
would be tested to see if they
carry any of the genes for
cancer, because if we are, then
at least we can do something
about it and we're prepared.
I just want you to get on my
bandwagon and do it with me.
- Okay, let's do it!
- Yeah, you're in?
Mm-hmm.
- So they're gonna pop by
the shoot tomorrow and just do a
quick blood draw.
So we're all gonna have
Band-Aids during our shoot.
It's not that big of a
deal-- it's a blood draw.
I cannot wait to
get these things off, 'cause I'm
- just, like, it's not cute.
- Who created this
- concept for the shoot?
- I think Kim.
But, like, does anyone
get asked what we want to do or
- just Kim just tells us?
- I don't know, but
- your makeup looks so gorgeous.
- Really? Stop.
What do you want?♪ ♪
That's hot.
See, that's dressed like
something I want.
Let's keep it fun.
Today is the day we're
doing a gothic photo shoot.
Brilliant.
Okay.
There you go.
Arms.
Right there.
Beautiful.
You know, I'm just... love this
look, it's one of my favorite
looks of all time.
And your face... There you go.
Beautiful.
Get that cleavage in.
Had to get away
from the cleavage, I was like...
- Good job, guys.
- Thank you.
Hey, Kris, how are
you?
- Hi. How are you?
- Good, thanks.
- Nice to see you. Hi.
- Mitch Mulanix with
Pathway Genomics.
Nice to meet you.
Hi. Nice to see you.
Now, are you the people that
- Paul was telling me about?
- Exactly.
What we're gonna do is look in
your bloodstream for genetic
mutations that are associated
with certain cancers.
I understand you've got a family
history there.
So this'll-this'll look for
markers that you have it,
- possibly, now.
- Sometimes it's so hard
to get my family all in the same
room at the same time.
- We'll be quick.
- No, I can talk
- while-while you do that.
- What are we doing?
Yeah, so what we're
doing is a genetic test.
So what better time to
have this doctor come and take
everybody's blood than right
now?
- Thank you.
- Hey, Khlo.
- Hey, Mom.
- So I have a quick
question for you.
There's a guy who has this new
technology that if he has a
sample of your blood or your
saliva, that he can tell all
sorts of things about you.
It's, like, the same
thing that Angelina Jolie did,
where she had an 80% chance of
getting breast cancer, so she
- got her boobs removed.
- Do you want to do it?
- It's really, really...
- I don't have time.
Takes two seconds.
They just take a little thing
- of your blood.
- I literally don't have
- time.
- He can come in here
right now and take your blood.
It's, like, the most amazing
thing that's, like, a real
privilege to do.
- I don't have time.
- Khloe has always been
resistant to any kind of a test.
Would it make you feel better if
- we did a DNA test?
- No.
But, out of all of us,
Khloe's the one who needs to
have her blood drawn, because
she had a brush with skin
cancer.
- Good.
- I got asked to pose
- for this nude shoot.
- This looks so cool.
It's like a
painting.
- Boom!
- You don't care if you
possibly could get breast
cancer?
We're all going to
die.
Do you want to die when
you're 30 or do you want to die
- when you're 85?
- I don't care.
I don't care.
He can come in here
right now and take your blood.
It's, like, the most amazing
thing that's, like, a real
- privilege to do.
- I don't have time.
Khloe, it takes two
seconds.
You can do saliva or you can do
blood.
So, saliva, he's just
gonna swab my mouth?
- Yeah.
- I'm not gonna draw
- blood.
- Okay.
- Like, I have to leave.
- Okay, all right.
Let me go get him.
Somebody...
I don't have time for
this.
- Hi, Khloe.
- Hi. How are you?
- Good. How are you?
- Good.
- How long does this
- take?
- We need some saliva,
- so it takes a few minutes to do.
- 'Cause I can't be
- late, so...
- Yeah?
How do you feel about giving
blood?
Not in the mood.
Okay.
Well, I understand your
- grandmother had breast and...
- Colon.
- ...colon cancer.
- Yeah.
I would recommend,
you know, getting that test,
- because...
- Yeah, I've had
- skin cancer, too, already.
- Have you really?
Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
It's kind of scary, but you'd
rather know, because if you
catch it early, then you can do
something about it.
Yeah. Right.
And you're gonna draw from my
- vein?
- Yeah.
I-I don't think I'm
gonna do it, then.
I know you have some
gas.
Yes, I do.
Why do you...
- 'Cause I'm on E.
- Oh, you're on E?
Uh, if that's the case, the
closest gas station from here...
- No!
- Oh, you want me to
- put it in your car now?
- Yeah.
That's all I got
left.
- Let's do it.
- I'm putting gas in a
- Rolls-Royce?
- Yes.
That's a lot of gas, I feel
like.
It's not much.
Can I ride your
Polaris?
- Can I ride it?
- Well, uh,
unfortunately, that off-road
one, something happened to the
battery, and I'm trying to
recharge the battery, and it
- won't take a charge.
- What?
- No toys are working.
- That's annoying.
- It is annoying.
- Do you ever use your
- helicopters anymore?
- I've been so busy, I
- just haven't had the time.
- I was gonna say, are
all your Bruce things gone?
I definitely miss the connection
that my dad and I used to have.
He was kind of the reason that I
was a tomboy.
We'd go off-roading together,
and he was, like, coaching my
sports teams.
And, like, it's kind of weird,
'cause I feel like my dad and
Kylie are a lot closer than they
used to be and they're bonding
through things like hair and
makeup.
Don't worry.
I'm still playing, except my
short game is still a little
chipping out of the rough.
- I still have the same...
- I want to come.
Same problem as
Bruce has, Caitlyn has, yeah.
- Hi.
- How are you?
So what's going on
out here?
Um, not much.
Let me... Yeah, let me show you
- what's up.
- Okay.
The whole... the whole
vibe of the shoot, other than
it's gonna be nude for the art
thing, is that if you're not
blown away by your picture, then
it means we didn't do it right.
Okay. The only
thing is I feel like my ass,
like, disappeared when I lost
weight.
- Girl...
- We need to plump it
- up.
- Yeah. But
you'll-you'll be pleasantly
surprised how nice your ass is
- gonna look.
- Let's make it look
- good.
- Yeah. We want to make
- your sisters jealous.
- Yeah.
♪ ♪I got asked to pose for this
nude shoot, which is going to be
in a fine art gallery.
I work out every single day, so
I feel like, why not?
Oh, my God!
You're so skinny.
- I love that dress.
- Really?
Everyone keeps saying that.
Kourtney is for sure my favorite
sister right now.
She's focusing on herself and
laughing again and just being
the Kourtney I knew, like, five
- years ago.
- Are they ready for
- me?
- Yep, anytime you're
- ready.
- Do you want to see
one shot so you can see what it
looks like?
- Sure.
- Okay.
Good.
- Stay just like that.
- This looks so cool.
- You like?
- I like when you cover
your face better.
I don't like your leg like that.
Put it straight-- I just want to
see what it looks like when
- it's, like... No, no, no.
- Turn your body towards
me.
Wait. Yeah, there!
- There you go. Good, good.
- I feel like I'm in
- my workout class.
- Yeah. Forgot to tell
you about that part.
Okay.
♪ ♪Hot damn.
- Oh, I like that.
- That's pretty sick.
- Ooh, that's cool.
- It's, like,
- glowing.
- Yeah.
Boom!
So much for no ass.
- Hey, Kourt.
- Hey.
Did you look up that app I told
you?
No.
How was your shoot?
Good.
Don't I look so tan from my
- shoot?
- Yeah.
- Why are you so dark?
- 'Cause they just
make you dark.
I'll show you the pictures, but
these aren't retouched or
anything.
There's one.
We're trying to pick which one.
- Oh, my God, how cool.
- It's the other one.
I like that one the
best.
The hand on the
floor.
Mm-hmm.
Kourtney is like a different
person.
Well, she's like the old
Kourtney.
And I think that, you know, she
carried the weight of someone
else's issues for so long that
it really had an effect on her
and her personality.
And now she's, like, back and
she's on fire and she's loving
life.
And that just makes me so happy
to see.
Are you nervous, like, what
people will think, that you,
like, did a nude shoot?
Well, no, because
we only showed my butt.
Do you think Scott's
gonna be like, "Hot damn"?
- No.
- What if, like, so many
guys start calling you after
that?
That's just stupid.♪ ♪
Ooh, what a great ice
bucket.
Oh, what?
There's my candle thing.
Uh, that was my candle
first, first of all.
Those... those are my
candy jars.
They were mine first
that you copied. My candle...
- The candy jars?
- Are you joking?
Oh, no, no, I found the
candy jars.
- I had them at Ashurst.
- I know.
- I found them way before that.
- Get over yourself.
You copied my bar.
Did you not copy my bar?
- Yes or no.
- Yeah.
But you don't even have that bar
anymore.
Don't even get me
started.
I haven't been bugging
you about this, but I feel like
you should really get on our
bandwagon and try and get...
- With what?
- ...this DNA test done.
The BRCA test will tell you if
you have a genetic
susceptibility to getting breast
cancer.
Mom, I don't want to,
is the point.
- I don't really care.
- It's unacceptable for
you to have this technology at
your fingertips and not go out
and utilize that so that it
might save your life one day.
I don't care.
I really don't care.
You don't care if you
possibly could get breast
cancer?
I'm going to
die.
You're going to die.
- We're all going to die.
- Do you want to die when
you're 30 or do you want to die
when you're 85?
I don't care.
What's this I hear that
you don't want to do that
genetics test?
Like, what could it hurt?
'Cause I just... like,
I just want to be in my moment.
I just know that Grandma
feels, like, so guilty about,
- like, if, like...
- You're gonna pull the
- grandma card?
- Ask him where he is.
- Get his address.
- I want you to call 911
immediately.
I'm going to die.
You're going to die.
- We're all going to die.
- Do you want to die when
you're 30 or do you want to die
when you're 85?
I don't care.
All you guys say is "Put
yourself first and do this and
do what makes you happy," but,
like, it's not in my soul to go
do something like that.
How is that a big deal?
Because there's people
around you who care about you
and love you.
So you need to get tested so
that the rest of us can enjoy
you for as long as possible.
The reason why I'm
fighting taking this test so
hard is just I remember my dad.
Love Daddy.
- Love Daddy.
- His cancer getting so
much worse once he was
diagnosed.
'Cause then it's in your head
and you're mentally thinking
about it.
So if I'm gonna get something,
I'm gonna get something.
I'm not gonna live my life in
- fear.
- The fact that you could
perhaps make your quality of
life a little bit better and
choose not to is very
disappointing.
That's all I'm gonna say.
- Oh! What's up?
- I do feel a little bit
run-down.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm kind of in the
space where, like, these are my
last few months of just North
and I.
- Oh.
- Before her world is,
like, turned upside down with a
little boy.
Upside down with
the change... Yeah.
- You know?
- People are gonna go
nuts for the boy.
What's gonna happen to North?
She's North West.
She'll be fine.
What's going on
with Scott and Kourtney?
So, like, has she seen him
since...?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Oh.
The other day, Scott had
called my mom...
- Okay.
- ...to go meet with her
and talk.
He flakes on her, says he's
sick, and then that night, Kylie
and Tyga see him at a pool
- party.
- No.
Yeah.
I genuinely really love Scott,
and I really hope that he gets
the help that he needs, but I'm
really proud that Kourtney's
found herself again, and I think
she should just continue to do
what's best for her.
Get your  together.
And you think, "God, I have a
beautiful family with three kids
now."
- Yeah.
- Like, grow the
up.
I mean, he had it all.
- He did have it all.
- And he really threw it
- away.
- Yeah.
Wait. So, seriously,
like, is Mike all set for the
- pictures?
- Mike's gonna send you
options of what he thinks will
look good at that size.
- He's right on top of...
- Did you tell him that
- I loved him?
- She loves you, and she
wants the pictures ASAP, please.
That's exactly what
that means.
Hello.
- Hey.
- Oh, hi.
- What are you doing?
- Um, with Jen talking
What's going on?
So what's this I hear
that you don't want to do that
genetics test?
Like, what can it hurt?
'Cause I just...
It just...
I don't care to know.
Sometimes I feel like when
you...
If, like, something's wrong, and
you hear about it, it makes you,
like, die faster.
Like, let me just live life and
be free.
Like, I just want to be in my
moment.
I just know that Grandma
feels so guilty about, like,
- if... like, no...
- You're gonna pull the
Grandma card?
Oh, God.
Well, I'm just being
honest.
Like, she just keeps on talking
about it.
MJ is really sensitive
about it 'cause she had the BRCA
gene, and so she wants me to
make sure I don't have it.
I just don't like being, like,
forced like that, especially by
- Kris Jenner and Kim.
- It's, like, "I've been
worried my whole life that,
like, my grandkids, like, would
have cancer."
Well, you know I am...
No, I mean, I feel like
it does mean, like, the world to
her.
I mean, obviously, do whatever
- you want to do.
- I don't even think I
know anybody anymore that hasn't
been touched by cancer.
The chances that one of us might
have something negative is
- there.
- Unless I'm doing the
stuff with Dad, like,
dirt-biking...
- Yeah.
- ...and adventurous
- things...
- You should just talk
- to her.
- I don't want to hurt
her feelings.
- Hello.
- Hi. How are you?
- Hi. How you doing?
- Nice to see you.
- Good. Nice to see you.
- It won't, like, make a
- mess or anything?
- No.
- Okay.
- No, not at all.
- Perfect.
- So, I'm gonna ask a
- few basic questions...
- Okay.
...about your medical
history, and then you'll be all
- good to go.
- Hi.
- Hi. How are you?
- Awesome.
- How are you? Hi.
- Hi. How you doing?
- Nice to see you.
- Good, thanks.
I don't want MJ to
have to worry about me.
If one of us does have the BRCA
gene, MJ would feel so guilty,
so I'm totally fine taking this
test for MJ.
Close your fist
really tight.
- Okay.
- There we go.
On the count of three.
One, two. That's it.
Okay, good.
That was fine.
- Yeah?
- I'm really proud that
Khloe is taking the steps to get
this test done.
Sometimes she doesn't want to
know things 'cause she takes
things really hard, so I'm glad
she stepped out of her comfort
zone to do this, 'cause I think
it's really important.
What results is Kim
gonna get now?
You're gonna be tested
for hereditary cancer
- predisposition...
- Okay.
- ...and BRCA1/2.
- What's that mean?
BRCA1/2 are genes
associated with male and female
breast cancer and ovarian
cancer.
Mm-hmm.
- Other types of cancer
like kidney, colon, melanoma,
lung and brain tumor.
- Mmm. Cool.
- Yeah. But the main
focus is on breast and
ovarian cancer.
Is that the current
situation, or is that inherited?
- No, it's your genes.
- Okay.
So your genes will
remain the same.
The moment you're conceived,
your genes are formed, and they
- will stay the same.
- Either way, we're...
- Yeah.
- ... dying of
cancer.
So we'll see you in San Diego.
- Yes. Perfect.
- Awesome.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Looking forward to it.
- Thank you, guys.
Thank you. Take care.
Bye.
Bye.♪ ♪
You want some coconut
water? Here.
- He drank literally so much.
- He's thirsty.
He liked it.
What are you doing, Mr. Coconut?
I told you I'm
going to Montana Sunday.
Oh, to the thing that
your friends won, or...?
- Yeah.
- Are you taking the
- baby?
- Yup.
Are you taking any of
the other kids?
Uh-uh.
- Who's gonna watch the
- kids?
- You guys are taking
- them to San Diego.
- Oh, you're not coming?
Uh-uh.
As much as I am not looking
forward to leaving my kids, I
really think that this trip to
Montana is gonna be, like, good
for my soul.
Yeah.
- I hate that shirt.
- That's okay.
This is just our chill-out
shirt.
She didn't mean it.
She was...
She's just so critical.
He's really good-looking.
- So what's happening?
- Not much.
I'm so happy you're hanging out
with me.
What do...?
I really don't understand you.
- Really?
- You literally are on
your phone...
Like, we'll go to the airport
at 4:00 a.m., and you're on your
phone.
Why? Isn't that a waste of your
life?
- I think so.
- Like, the moment
that I know I cannot be on my
phone makes me so happy.
Like, earlier today, I had to
- sign, like, all these bottles.
- Hold on a second.
- I'm just kidding.
- Um... unless I'm
doing stuff with Dad that, like,
we used to always do, like,
the boyish things, like
dirt-biking and...
- Yeah.
- I don't know.
Like, adventurous things.
I just feel like you guys bond
so well because, like, you're
super into makeup, and I'm
obviously not as into makeup as
you.
Maybe get your nails
done together.
I think you should just talk
to her.
I'm so happy that my
dad is at a place where she's
really happy and she's
comfortable with everything, and
I don't want to be the one to
kind of get in the way of that.
I don't want to hurt her
feelings, so don't you think
- it's better to not say anything?
- No.
You should just have a
conversation.
Why is there always
traffic?
L.A., L.A., L.A.
How are the kids getting down?
Like, who's road-tripping them
down?
Khloe and... Kim are
gonna take P...
- North.
- ...and North...
- And Mason.
- ...and Mason.
Them kids are gonna
drive them insane.
They'll probably sleep
all the way down.
- No, they will not.
- They will sleep.
When they get here,
they're gonna be talking about
how glad they are out of the
damn car.
Well, at least we're going to
see MJ the Great.
I worry about her so
much because she's alone.
Are you nervous about the test
- results?
- No. No.
- No?
- No, I'm not.
I feel like the older I
get, I get more nervous.
I'm really glad that we're
driving to San Diego to get our
test results, because it's a
great excuse to see my mom, but
the closer that we get, the more
anxious I am about the results.
I don't even think I know
anybody anymore that hasn't been
touched by cancer on some level.
You know, that scares me to
death.
- Ah....!
- Ah...!
Being in the car with three
toddlers is the best form of
birth control.
Ah...
- Ah!
- Especially with you
guys, there's some other history
here.
You know, there might be an
increased risk of cancer.
You ready for the news?
Oh, my God.
I feel like saying we
take a long three-hour nap.
Who wants NyQuil?
Me. Me. Me.
- ♪ ♪- Kourtney is in Montana
taking a little mommy break.
So Kim and I and North and
Penelope and Mason are driving
down to San Diego.
- Ah...
Ah...
(children and Khloe continue
saying "ah...")
I see a gray hair...
- from this car trip.
- Being in the car with
three toddlers is the best form
of birth control anyone could
- ever have.
- Okay, everyone look.
- One, two...
- Cheese...
- We got it.
♪ With a moo-moo
here... ♪
♪ And
a moo-moo there
♪ Here a moo, there a moo
Everywhere a moo-moo... ♪
♪ Old MacDonald
Had a farm... ♪
It's Scott.
He says, "Are you with the kids
in San Diego?"
Scott said, "Please tell them
that Dad loves them."
Whoa.
Scott's behavior lately is
definitely erratic.
Like, Scott just comes over and
is crying and telling us he
wants to change, and then
disappears for two or three
days.
And then to be sending text
messages saying "just tell the
kids I love them," it does
concern me.
You guys, we're exiting.
We're exiting! Yay!
Look at your daughter.
Yeah!
Thank God!
Yes?
- Hey, Dad.
- What's going on?
So, I was talking to
Kendall, and...
she was just kind of upset
because... she feels like...
maybe we don't, like, ride
dirt bikes and do all the stuff
that we used to love doing
together.
- Yeah? Okay.
- And she feels like
you're not into it anymore.
Kendall has had a hard time
expressing herself lately,
especially... towards our dad.
And I feel like I needed to tell
our dad, because I feel like it
was important for her to know.
I mean, I don't think you're
- over it, right?
- I've been working my
- butt off, you know?
- Honestly, I just...
That's the only
reason I'm not... I'm not around
- as much as I used to be.
- Yeah.
'Cause I've been
working so much.
Kendall just needs to
realize that there's nothing to
miss, because Cait is still who
she used to be and all she wants
- to do is just hang out with us.
- Where's Kendall?
- I need to talk to her.
- Yeah, you should talk
to her, 'cause she feels like
you're just... over it.
Oh, God.
All right, I will talk to her.
- All right. I love you.
- I love you!
And when are we gonna get
together and play?
- Oh, tomorrow.
- I know.
- We got dinner.
Okay, that'll be
fun.
- All right.
- I love you.
I love you. Bye.♪ ♪
Guys, walk away.
This is private property.
You guys are gonna be asked
to leave. Let's go.
Hello, ladies.
- Hi. How are you?
- This is Corey.
That's right, I
remember Corey.
- I know. He's...
- Hi. How are you?
Sorry, my big Gucci hoop
got you.
- We all have our issues.
- How are you?
- Good to see you.
- Dr. Nassif is one of
the greatest plastic surgeons,
and he's a really good family
friend.
And he's also really passionate
about a company called Pathway
Genomics, which does a lot of
DNA testing on your blood and
gives you a really good idea of
what's going on inside yourself.
It's really nice that he made
the time to come and help us
look at our results firsthand so
- we would feel more comfortable.
- First thing-- and
then we'll talk about your
results here.
So, one in eight at some point
in their life are gonna get some
type of cancer, and the five
most common types is breast,
ovarian, colon, melanoma and
lung.
I love Paul, but I
feel like he's dragging these
test results out.
I'm nervous, because I've
already had skin cancer twice,
so, like, I just need to know.
So...
you ready for the news?
You've been upset
that we haven't been spending
- that much time together.
- I didn't want to,
- like, bother you with it.
- If you're ever
upset, I want you to talk
directly to me.
- ♪ ♪- So...
you ready for the news?
There's a gene called a BRCA.
B-R-C-A.
If you have that gene, you have
between a 40% and 80% chance
during your life of getting
breast cancer.♪ ♪
So all of you are...
...negative.
We passed the test!
I am so relieved.
We're all clean.
All of our kids are good little
birds, and we're all good to go
and chirp-chirp away.
Wait, so this might be a dumb
question, but, like, this is for
the rest of my life I don't have
this gene?
So, yeah, the genes--
you do not have that gene.
- Okay.
- However, all of you
are still at risk-- you should
still get your mammograms and
exams and all that.
Are there any questions on this
- stuff?
- No. I'm so excited
- about this.
- We "may have significant
- limitations"?
- My mental health is
up?
What does this mean?
- No, these are drugs.
- Oh. Never mind.
Not yet.♪ ♪
Hey!
- Come in.
- How you doing,
- buddy?
- Good.
Good to see you.
Mmm, my little baby!
- What's up?
- You're what's up.
- I am what's up.
- By the way, how's
- your car running?
- Good.
Good. Everything
else in your life good?
- Great. Phenomenal.
- Great?
I like that.
Um, I had a... actually, a
- conversation with Kylie.
- Oh, no.
Oh, no. Yeah.
No, it's all good.
You've been upset... that we
haven't been spending that much
time together and doing fun
stuff.
No. I mean, I wasn't
spending
time with each other.
It was just different.
Like, I felt like you were
bonding more with Kylie 'cause
she's, like, into makeup and
stuff, and I'm totally not.
Like, it was just different now,
'cause we used to do, like... we
used to go... like, ride ATVs
and, like... dirt bikes...
Yeah, do all that
sort of stuff.
...and you would
come watch me ride my horse
- and, like... I don't know.
- Well, okay, I-I
totally get that.
Actually, I think I'm hopefully
ordering another off-road
vehicle, so we'll have
- two at home.
- Really?
More horsepower;
bigger, better transmission.
Once I get that property
surveyed down there so I know
exactly where the property line,
start building, you know, the
- stables down there.
Mm-hmm.
And I certainly
would want your input.
And there's places to ride
everywhere.
hanging
out with you.
Mm-hmm.
- We have the best
- time together. Okay?
Mm-hmm.
If you're ever upset
with something that's happening,
maybe changes that have gone on,
I want you to talk directly to
- me.
- Yeah.
The thing that makes
me happiest in the world... is I
just love hanging out with you.
You know I have so much fun.
Yeah.
Me, too.
Okay.
- But...
- Your makeup looks
- really pretty.
- Well, thank you.
I appreciate that.
Coming from you, that is a
compliment.♪ ♪
I didn't really want
to tell my dad that I was
feeling a little disconnected,
but I'm kind of glad that Kylie
did, 'cause it broke that wall
for us.
When I was younger, I used to be
able to talk about anything with
my dad, and it shouldn't be any
different today.
So where do we start
this journey?
- What do you mean?
- Bonding again, doing
- fun stuff-- where do we start?
- I don't know.
I see a Funky Ducks
over there.
- Yeah, let's do it.
- I've never done
- that, actually.
- I really love my
dad, so I'm hoping that we can
just have more of this family
time.
It makes me so happy.
- Give me your hand.
- Oh, my God.
What do you mean,
"Oh, my God"?
- One second, and...
- Get it!
Okay.
Backwards.
- Forwards.
- Stop.
See, I still do fun
things with you.
Ooh, don't do that!♪ ♪
- Thank you.
- Hi.
- Hi, Grandma.
- How do you feel today,
- Mom?
- Fine.
You look like a little
La Jolla lady.
I wonder why.
Hey, Kour.
Grandma, there's Kourtney.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- It's frozen on her face.
- That's not a good angle, Kourt.
- We're at Old
Faithful.
You want to see it?
Kourtney's in Montana.
She's really now having some
time for herself, and that just
makes me happy, 'cause that's
the key to life.
Like, you have to have your own
sanity and be happy, too.
Mason.
- Hey!
- Mase, Mom.
- Do you see Mason?
- I'm okay.
- Yeah.
- Mom sees you.
- Bye.
- Okay, bye.
Grandma, it was so
cool-- we went to the DNA
- diagnostic yesterday.
- Yeah, tell me.
So we all came back
negative.
Oh, my God, I've been so
worried about that for so long.
- All of you?
- Yeah, Khloe, all of us,
- we came back negative.
- Good, good, so that goes
- for your children, too.
- Yeah, so our children
don't have to do it, 'cause if
we're negative, then they
wouldn't get it unless they have
something on their dad's side.
I mean, they tested every last
thing.
Down to what type of
vodka that you should drink.
There are certain kinds
of alcohol that people are
- allergic to.
- Yes, yes.
I really think you're
allergic to two things: Botox
- and alcohol.
- How could I be allergic
- to two things that...
- That you love?
...make my world go
round?
This is a good thing to tell you
both-- Kim doesn't really need
this lecture anymore, 'cause she
doesn't do this to me, but you
will do this to me.
Some of these little girls, a
few years ago, would go behind
my back...
...and do appearances and not
- tell me about them, so...
- Hi.
What's wrong?
Okay, I would call his regular
- number.
- Scott?
You know, we're gonna
have to...
- Yeah?
- Why did you send me
that message?
Are you okay?
I just... I just can't
- do this.
- What does that mean,
- you can't do this?
- Khloe calls me,
hysterical, saying that Scott
sent her this text message that
was really scary.
It's saying that he just can't
take it anymore.
And Khloe tried to call
Kourtney, but she's on a flight
back from Montana.
Did you take anything
today?
- Call the police.
- We need to call the
police.
Okay, I can't
understand you, you need to talk
- a little clearer, okay?
- No, no, we have to call
the police.
Talk a little clearer,
okay?
No, no, we have to call
the police.
- Hold on, Mom.
- I just can't keep
- doing this without my family.
- Go get
- my phone.
- I understand, but try
to get better.
You can't just give up, okay?
- I need an address.
- Ask him where he is.
- Get his address.
- Where are you?
Scott?
I can't understand you.
I wish I could.
I'll never
meet anybody more beautiful
than her, and I love her.
But she doesn't love me.
She definitely does
love you, but she wants you to
- get better and love yourself.
- My life is officially
over.
I just want it to be over, and I
- just wanted you to know.
- You don't want your
life to be over.
What are you talking about?
Should we drive to his
house right now?
- He's in New York.
- He's in New York?
Listen, we can fix
your life.
There is a way to fix everything
in life, but tell me where you
are so I can come and help you.
No, where are you, please?
Hello?
Hi. Is this Chris?
Hey, it's Kris Jenner.
I was just trying to find out
where Scott was, but I think
he's at SoHo.
Oh, you are?
He's very upset.
How far away are you?
Okay, if you cannot get in his
room, I want you to text me and
I want you to call 911
immediately.
No joke, text me and tell me,
uh, what happens.
- Okay, thank you.
- I just can't
get it together.
I can't handle it.
I know you're not
gonna do anything to yourself.
You're in a very negative space,
okay?
You've got to stop.
Hey, are you upstairs?
All right, okay.
Okay, as long as you're in the
room, okay.
I got to go.
Tell them I love...
No, where are you
going?
Where are you going?
Scott?
- He hung up.
- Yeah.
You did a good job, Khloe.
That was great.
Chris said he's in the room, so
he's gonna text me in a few
- minutes and give me an update.
- Mom, that made me sad.
That just, like,
really breaks my heart.
She needs somebody
that's stable and consistent in
her life, and he says he wants
to change.
Yeah, exactly.
I already told him that.
- It looked like he was out of it.
- Do you...
It didn't look like he
was sick.
He just looked like he was
super depressed and out of it.
He's got to calm down.
If he... he either wants to be a
dad and be in Kourtney's life or
he doesn't, you know?
Yeah, it's true.
I just think then you'll really
have no life, except for these,
like, people that you hang out
- with in L.A.
- Yeah.
It's so stressful when something
like this happens in your
family, because he's like my
son, so I just thank God for
Chris Reda today, to give us
some peace, just knowing that
we know where Scott is and that
Chris is there.
The thing, though,
I've never seen him do-- I mean,
I've heard him on the phone with
me a few times cry-- but he
was, like, bawling, crying, when
he was on the phone with Khloe.
I've never seen that, like, side
of him.
Yeah.
I think he's, you know, this
hopefully is his rock bottom and
he... all he has to do is come
home and be consistent.
I mean, we all told him, "We
love you so much, but we've seen
it time and time again."
No, for sure, he needs
to go home.
All right, so I'm gonna... I'll
give you a call later when I go
check on him or I'll call you
tomorrow when I find out, you
- know, what we're gonna do.
- I thought Scott hit
rock bottom. He hadn't.
It's frustrating on so many
levels, but my hope is this is
the final straw for him inside
his own soul.
Okay, thank you, Chris.
I'm so sorry to interrupt your
time, I really am.
No, don't worry about
it, I'll do anything for Scott.
Well, we love you for
that, thank you.
- Bye.
- On the next episode...
- I've never seen him cry
- that hard.
- But I... then I got a
text last night and they were
like, "Oh, my God, Scott
Disick's in there."
They said he was so wasted.
Last night?
This is just a fun activity.
I'm spreading myself
too thin with 12-hour days.
Like, what's more important-- is
- your daughter's sanity?
- Just breathe.
- I'll take care of it.
- No, you just breathe.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org